Nfiann-manifest (#6933)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_recommendation-overwriting-manifest.md

To prevent the `manifest.json` from being overwritten before dbt reads it for change detection, update your workflow using one of these methods:

> - Move the `manifest.json` to a dedicated folder (for example `state/`) after dbt generates it in the `target/ folder` and, use a saved state, instead of comparing the current state with the just-overwritten version.

Reviewer: splitting for better readability and we can combine w 2nd sub-bullet

```suggestion
- Move the `manifest.json` to a dedicated folder (for example `state/`) after dbt generates it in the `target/ folder`. This makes sure dbt references the correct saved state instead of comparing the current state with the just-overwritten version. It also avoids issues caused by setting `--state` and `--target-path` to the same location, which can lead to non-idempotent behavior.
```

>     - This ensures dbt compares against the correct previous state, and it avoids issues caused by setting `--state` and `--target-path` to the same path, which can lead to non-idempotent behavior.

Reviewer: removing since consolidated above
```suggestion
```

> - Write the manifest to a different `--target-path` in the build stage (where dbt would generate the `target/manifest.json`) or in the reproduction stage (the sequence of steps that lead to the issue where dbt overwrites the `manifest.json` before it can be used for change detection).

Reviewer: it might be me but i feel the word 'reproduction' is confusing and i tend to think its about reproducing the behavior so sugg this so its more explicit

```suggestion
- Write the manifest to a different `--target-path` in the build stage (where dbt would generate the `target/manifest.json`) or before it gets overwritten during job execution to avoid issues with change detection. This allows dbt to detect changes instead of comparing the current state with the just-overwritten version.
```
